a protest led by students at the
University of Oxford after
administrators this week refused to
engage with their core demands over the
war on Gaza students have been camped on
a university lawn since May the 6th
among their demands that Oxford disclose
its finances and Investments the Oxford
endowment management fund has not
disclosed any of their Investments we
know as of now that the university Ed
pulled Investments such as black rock
that have historically been complicit in
Israel apartment and genocide we also
know that the university is banking with
bar Clays which has been involved in the
architecture of Israeli apartheid
occupation and
genocide the people who've joined this
protest are angered in particular they
say by the University of Oxford's
refusal to set out plans towards
divestment from Israel and from Israeli
linked entities a move they say that
some other universities have pledged to
make most Rec recently notably Trinity
College in Dublin they say their protest
will continue until it does this is
about demonstrating to the university
that we have been here we've been here
for almost 2 weeks sitting and waiting
for someone from the administration to
come and enter into dialogue with us
they believe that they can ignore us
they believe that they can wait us out
the University of Cambridge has agreed
to meet with their students as of today
and we believe that the University of
Oxford is really failing their Duty to
meet with their students and discuss
these righteous demands that we've
prepared against the institution that's
supposed to represent us the rally heard
from notable British Palestinian Medics
with experience inside Gaza during the
current War they talked about the
disabling of its Health Care system
while student leaders described the
destruction of gaza's schools and
universities above all they said this
was a wakeup call to the University of
Oxford to put itself on the right side
of History jahal Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer